with the coming of darkness everybody
seems to be using sound and that can be
a problem in a Panama's swamp 50
different species of frogs starting to
sing in this tumult it's very difficult
to make yourself heard the male's of
this species starting on their serenades
carefully time their calls to fit in
between those of their neighbors to our
ears the cause may sound continuous but
a female frog is able to select the male
with the loudest call and will make with
him males of this species however
deliberately Jam one another
the female pays most attention to the
second half of the call so if a rival
starts up nearby a male deliberately
retimed his call so that the first part
exactly jams the second crucial part of
his neighbor's a male frustrated in this
way will resort to violence but the
intruder goes on calmly even as they
wrestle
slow every evening there is a continuous
battle for the supremacy of the airwaves